Collect metrics for application instances (#4270)
spring-cloud/spring-cloud-netflix: docs/modules/ROOT/pages/spring-cloud-netflix.adoc

Spring Cloud Netflix Eureka Server does not support Spring AOT transformations or native images.

=== Metrics

> `EurekaInstanceMonitor` listens to events related to Eureka instance registration and creates/updates `Gauge`s for Eureka instance information Micrometer's `MeterRegistry`. By default, this behavior is disabled. Ff you want to enable it, you need to set `eureka.server.metrics.enabled` to `true`.

Reviewer: I made typos when I was suggesting docs changes here:
```suggestion
`EurekaInstanceMonitor` listens to events related to Eureka instance registration and creates/updates `Gauge`s for Eureka instance information in Micrometer's `MeterRegistry`. By default, this behavior is disabled. If you want to enable it, you need to set `eureka.server.metrics.enabled` to `true`.
```

Spring Cloud Netflix Eureka Server does not support Spring AOT transformations or native images.

> === Metrics
> 
> Starting with version 4.1.1, `MultuGuage` listens events related to Eureka instances and creates and updates Eureka instance information in the metrics registry. By default, this setting is disabled, if you want to enable it, you need to change `eureka.server.metrics.enabled` to `true`.
> 
> The multi-gauge is named `eureka.server.instance.status` and has the following tags (value are merged based on tags)
> 
> - `application`: application name
> 
> - `status`: instance status
> 
> You can add additional tags by implementing `EurekaInstanceTagsProvider` separately. However, status is added separately because it is always needed.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
=== Metrics

`EurekaInstanceMonitor` listens to events related to Eureka instance registration and creates/updates `Gauge`s for Eureka instance information Micrometer's `MeterRegistry`. By default, this behavior is disabled. Ff you want to enable it, you need to set `eureka.server.metrics.enabled` to `true`.

By default, the `Gauge`s are named `eureka.server.instances` and have the following tags:

- `application`: application name
- `status`: instance status (`UP`, `DOWN`, `STARTING`, `OUT_OF_SERVICE`, `UNKNOWN`, see: `com.netflix.appinfo.InstanceInfo.InstanceStatus`)

You can add additional tags by injecting your own implementation of `EurekaInstanceTagsProvider`.
```

Author: Thanks for the great suggestion 😄
